Hello user!

This is Pytest training project.

Project Description
Current project allows executing of 6 test types for tables in AdventureWorks2019 DB from Microsoft SQL Server.
Currently, tests are implemented for tables:
- Person.Address
- Production.Document
- Production.UnitMeasure
But it is expected that any other table also could be tested. For that file Metadata.xlsx with table metadata should
be updated and dic metadata_for_tests_execution in test.py with test execution settings. 

Following 6 tests could be done:
- test_uniqueness() - verifies whether selected columns uniquely define records in table. AssertionError returns count 
of duplicated rows. 
- test_nulls() - verifies whether there are nulls in provided list of columns. AssertionError returns count of rows 
with nulls in any of columns from the list.
- test_metadata() - compare metadata about table from MSS sys table with metadata in Metadata.xlsx file. AssertionError 
returns string with discrepancy description.
- test_allowed_vales() - find percentage of rows in which defined columns do not contain provided values and compares 
with provided value. AssertionError returns results of comparison.
- test_col_with_regex() - find percentage of rows in which defined columns do not contain values, which are matched with
provided regular expression and compares this percentage with provided values. AssertionError returns results of 
comparison.
- test_pks() - checks PKs for table from MSS sys tables and compares this result with data from Metadata.xlsx file.
AssertionError returns string with description.

Project structure:
Folders "pytest_cache" and "assets" - contain technical data for pytest work.
metadata/Metadata.xlsx - contains metadata for test_metadata() and test_pks() tests
pytest.ini - contains log settings for pytest
report.html - report, generated by pytest
requirements.txt - file with requirements to libraries
run_tests.bat - bat file to run all tests
test.py - executable file with pytest tests and test metadata
Utils.py - file with functions which are used in pytest tests and connection to DB
cnx_settings.py - connection settings for connection to DB

How to run tests:
1. All libraries from requirements.txt should be installed
2. Set connection settings in file cnx_settings.py. By default, setting are set for Windows authentication
3. Check tests metadata in file test.py. In dictionary metadata_for_tests_execution we could see metadata for test 
execution for each table. There is a description of parameters for the first table in this file. All 6 tests are 
executed for all 3 tables, but it is possible to execute specific tables be changing @pytest.mark.parametrize parameters.
4. Execute bat file run_tests.bat
5. Check results in console and in report.html
Note: there should be 6 failures of tests (one per each test type) just for demonstration 

Known issues:
- Poor logging and test results description in report and in console. 
Didn't manage to understand how to do it better with pytest.
- Not very convenient way of choosing tables for testing in @pytest.mark.parametrize section.
- Maybe not very meaningful tests. But it is mainly because of absence of requirements. So the most typical checks are
implemented
